Try It Yourself
The exercises in this chapter are exploratory in nature. Starting in Chapter 2, the challenges you’ll solve will be based on what you’ve learned.
1-1. python.org: Explore the Python home page (https://python.org) to find topics that interest you. As you become familiar with Python, different parts of the site will be more useful to you.
Answer:
  I think what interests me the most from the home page is the use of Python in many aspects: Web Development, GUI Development, Scientific and Numeric, Software Development, and System Administration. So, Python looks intriguing to learn because, in the end, it covers many hard skills needed for programming use.

1-2. Hello World Typos: Open the hello_world.py file you just created. Make a typo somewhere in the line and run the program again. Can you make a typo that generates an error? Can you make sense of the error message? Can you make a typo that doesn’t generate an error? Why do you think it didn’t make an error?
Answer:
Original Line: print("Hello, World!")
Typo: prnt("Hello, World!")

Running the program with the typo should generate an error.
Observe the error message:

The error message would likely be something like: NameError: name 'prnt' is not defined
This error occurs because Python doesn't recognize the name prnt as a valid function or variable.
Make a typo that doesn't generate an error:

Typo: print "Hello, World!"
Run the program again and observe:

In Python 3, the correct syntax for the print statement requires parentheses: print("Hello, World!").
Explanation:

In the first case, the typo (prnt) resulted in a NameError because Python couldn't find a definition for the name prnt.
In the second case, the typo (print "Hello, World!") would generate a syntax error in Python 3 due to the missing parentheses. Python 2, which is now obsolete, allowed the print statement without parentheses.

1-3. Infinite Skills: If you had infinite programming skills, what would you build? You’re about to learn how to program. If you have an end goal in mind, you’ll have an immediate use for your new skills; now is a great time to write brief descriptions of what you want to create. It’s a good habit to keep an “ideas” notebook that you can refer to whenever you want to start a new project. Take a few minutes now to describe three programs you want to create.
Answer:
Chatbots and Natural Language Processing:
  NLTK, SpaCy: Develop chatbots and applications involving natural language processing.
Cybersecurity:
  Scapy, PyCrypto: Create tools for network analysis, penetration testing, or cryptography.
Computer Vision:
  OpenCV: Work on computer vision projects, including image and video processing.
Educational Programs and Games:
  Educational Software: Develop educational programs or games for learning purposes.
